# Data-Cleaning-using-Excel
A collection of Animal Crossing datasets I cleaned for practice and future use in visualizations. 

Animal Crossing New Horizons is a video game played on the Nintendo Switch. I loved playing this game and using all the different functionalities the game provides. There is something for everyone in this game, personally, I enjoy collecting fish, insects, and art whereas other people I know enjoy the interior decorating features, clothing, and recipes. No matter what you enjoy it is obvious that there is one thing driving this game, DATA and lots of it. While working on the Google Data Analytics Certification we were introduced to the Animal Crossing New Horizons Catalog by JESSICA LI on Kaggle. There are 30 CSV files containing all the game's functionality and were collected by other animal crossing fans like me. You can read more and view all the raw datasets here https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/jessicali9530/animal-crossing-new-horizons-nookplaza-dataset. 

Instantly, when I found these datasets, I knew I wanted to do something fun with them. This is my first step in the process, and I am going to start by using Excel to clean some of the most important and interesting datasets for me. I am also going to create some pivot tables and small visualization that will help me decide what insights I want to find out from this data. Eventually, I want to create more in-depth visualizations to display key functionality within the game for not only myself but my friends that play the game.
